**##How to handle Secrets in KV and K8s**

There are multiple ways with which we can manage our secrets in KV and in K8s based on our feasibility. We can write terraform blocks or shell scripts to pick secrets like "API key" or "Connection string" from a cloud resourse and save it in KV. We can then setup an integration between kubernetes and KV using CSI drivers and adding objects in k8s.

**Managing secrets in KV:**

-- Adding them manually as a secret, a certificate or a key

-- By writing a script that picks some values from a cloud service and creates secrets in KV with desired name.

**Managing secrets and configs in k8s:**

Values/configs/secrets in kubernetes are managed in two different kind of objects namely configMaps and Secrets. configMaps consists of those values or files which does not contain any confidential information whereas Secret object in kubernetes stores confidential files or data like credential, connection strings, certificates etc. Values in secret are stored in encoded form by kubernetes. Secrets can be stored in following ways:

**Creating an object in k8s of kind Secret and adding the data in base64 encoded format manually.**

Establish an integration between k8s and KV which automatically picks mentioned secrets from KV and stores them in a volume created for secretStore. We can mount that secretClass in our containers and then the secrets can be used by application as environment variables.

We can also create a secret object using the above secretStore and mount it in our container.
